And you can play card games and areRich person in full Yuan and bottom in the end
You are three and beautiful.
I prepared a small treasure.
입니다
Look at me.
If you play this, 2010
Let's watch
Does it make sense to do
I think we shouldn't Studio Regalia Komagora today
we're all upset
I came medic doin' the brand new one
he came and gopher was recoiling
I seen a whole lot of actors
Shabusei was probably a professional
he was listening to noise from the neighborhood
he was seriously a Netflix keepsake
was bossy
You can't even look at him
next door Chop so after being
too much head
he came true
In the unit
When you see the fushiana, what are you doing next to the cherry blossoms?
I'll show you.
What are you doing?
You fool!
You fool, it's okay to look at your own face,
but when you look at the fushiana,
look at the night-sweeping from here.
Look at the night-sweeping from there.
You'll be able to see the fushiana with your own eyes.
Hey, hey!
Just look what's going on over there?
I can't see anything over here.
Even if I start, my jaw won't close.
What will oxygen grow in the fushiana over here
once I start moistening my own tube?
Wow!
Then come and look here.
Hey, why don't you talk a little louder over here?
Look, I can't see anything done over there.
It will feed and help you.
You still have a long way to go.
Look at this.
You're going to get a hole in your throat again.
Gensuke, hold the hole.
If that's the case, you're going to be a good son.
I want to see you with my own eyes.
If you look at the road, you can hold the hole from the small gate.
But you're hungry.
It's okay to get a hole in your throat.
And you're going to hold the hole and watch the soldiers.
You're going to put a ladder on the wall.
Then you climb the ladder and look at the soldiers.
It's okay to be a soldier, but you have to climb the ladder.
If you put a ladder on the wall and climb up, it's going to be more difficult.
Come on.
You're going to be a good son.
If you're a soldier, you can't do this.
You can't do this.
The soldiers next to you are going to climb up the ladder.
You're going to climb up to the top.
The soldiers are going to climb up and watch the soldiers.
You can't hold the hole from the small gate.
You're going to watch the soldiers.
The soldiers are going to climb up the ladder.
From the bottom, the soldiers are going to climb up the ladder.
It's painful.
What's wrong with my nose?
The soldiers are going to change their clothes.
The flowers that came out next to the soldiers were torn apart.